.ipynb_checkpoints\frame_0000.jpg: [Unrecognized content]
frame-009835\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-014236\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-015935\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-021034\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-021642\frame_0000.jpg: A person sitting at a desk next to a window and a column
frame-022319\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-028479\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-044589\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-046951\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-047074\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-047433\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-062673\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-068866\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-069730\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-070456\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-089915\frame_0000.jpg: A person holding a phone while standing near a bed
frame-116293\frame_0000.jpg: A close-up of a human face with walls and artwork in the background
frame-119401\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-119781\frame_0000.jpg: A cat walking across a tiled floor inside a room with furniture
frame-140709\frame_0000.jpg: A person sitting at a desk next to a window and a column
